# Day 7 - May 30, 2024

Wherein our intrepid hero learn about goroutines and tries not to lose his mind.

## Actual Stuff

Today was the second to last module in the Pluralsight course, and it mainly dealt with concurrence and parallelization. I learned about goroutines, wait groups, and channels. This will probably help me read other folks code, but in the short term I don't see myself using it all that often.

Even though I'm about to finish the Pluralsight course, I don't feel like I've actually written that much Go code. And each module only had you spend a bit of time with each concept, so I've already started to forget what was in earlier modules. For that reason, I've picked the Manning book as the next thing to focus on.

So far I'm about halfway through the second chapter and they've already introduced structs, for loops, the testing package, and a bunch of other concepts in rapid succession. I am VERY glad I did the Pluralsight course first or I would be completely lost.

The syntax for Go is starting to feel a little more natural. I am still struggling a bit with properly specifying data types, knowing when to create a custom type, and when to use a struct. But I feel like that will become more natural over time.

## Side work

I put out a post on LinkedIn asking for possible OSS Go projects I could work on. Naturally, a lot of people suggested Terraform/Open Tofu related projects. But I'd like to broaden my horizons. I spend about two hours digging into [dapr](https://dapr.io) and that seems pretty neat. I also got suggestions for [Tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale) and [CoreDNS](https://github.com/coredns/coredns). Those also seem really interesting b/c they focus on Operations tooling (something I am very familiar with) and they aren't Terraform. Bonus points to CoreDNS and dapr for being CNCF projects. I wouldn't mind becoming a CNCF Ambassador next year.

I think I'm going to spend a couple hours getting to know the CoreDNS codebase and see if it resonates with me. The dapr code base for the CLI was a little much for a newbie such as myself, so I think I would need some handholding.

