# Day 5 - May 30, 2024

Spent 45 minutes messing with my A/V setup only to land back where I was from the start. Eventually I'll try the zoom lens, I swear it.

## Actual Stuff

Only one module today, but it was a long one! This module dealt with polymorphism and generic programming. This is some heady stuff and the more abstract it got, the less it clicked with me. I'll do my best to summarize.

Go doesn't implicitly have objects like Java does, but it has something close. You can create a type and then associate functions with that type. So I can make a `shelf` type that is a struct.

```go
type shelf struct {
    section string
    level int
    books []string
}
```

Then I can create a function like addBook and associate it with shelf by adding a preface to the function declaration:

```go
func (s *shelf) addBook(b string){}
```

Now when I declare a variable of type `shelf` it will have access to the method `addBook`. The pointer `*` for the function allows me to edit the shelf variable that is passed as a reference instead of a value.

```go
s1 := shelf{
    section: "f3",
    level: 3,
    books: {"red","blue","green"}
}

s1.addBook("yellow")
```

I'm used to Java, which let's you define an object including properties and methods. Go is different and my brain needs time to process that.

Interfaces are something I've encountered before and they are clearly something that is useful when you start getting deeper into programming. I'm glad I know they exist and I can't imagine using them in any program I will create for now.

Oddly generics and constraints made a little more sense to me, if only due to their utility. Why yes, I would like generic function to clone a map. Thanks! The thing is that there is already a large library of go packages that have that kind of generic functionality, so much like interfaces, I don't see myself using these any time soon either.

Of course, once I'm ready to try my hand at some Terraform related stuff, I'm guessing all this info will become really important.
