# Day 8+9 - June 4-5, 2024

What happened? Well, Ned went out for a bike ride today only to discover the rear tire had a nail in it. After figuring out how to change a tire on my fancy new bike, I got about a mile before I got a pinch flat. Apparently, I didn't tuck the tube in as well as I thought. So another tube change (this time on the shoulder of a busy road) and I had just enough air in my C02 cartridge to half-inflate the new tube. That was enough to get me home, where I doubled checked things before fully inflating the tube and calling it a day.

It was a completely wasted hour. An hour I could have been learning Go!

## Actual Stuff

I kind of forgot to journal yesterday, but here's the long and short of it. I had an idea to build a CLI tool that creates hashes of Terraform modules and writes the information out to a lock file, similar in nature to what Terraform does today with the `.terraform.lock.hcl file`. And what better language to use than Go?

So I spent yesterday and today's learning time trying to build out the CLI. Here's the [repo so far](https://github.com/ned1313/terrahash/commit/b8b4547867e96e65775db1f182a7318186e945d0). I linked a commit ID so you can see where it was on June 4th and not where it is whenever you read this.

In the process I discovered the Cobra library, which is super helpful in making a CLI. I also learned a bit about working with JSON in Go. And I got to create my own structs, which was pretty cool. At this point the program will look at an initialized Terraform configuration and create the lock file- creatively named `.terraform.module.hcl`.

The next step is to compare an existing lock file to the currently downloaded modules to flag any that have changed. Then I need to create an update command to update the lock file based on the current contents.

I'm also going to need to fix the error handling and logging, as they are atrocious ATM. I also should add some type functions for my structs to handling manipulating the data type. It's really nice to have an actual project to build, rather than just do the demo projects found in the training materials.