# Day 4 - May 29, 2024

Hump day! And also a day of pumping iron, grrr...

## Actual Stuff

Today I finished the rest of module 7 and module 8 on the PS course. Module 7 ended with defer statements, panic, and recover. Probably the most insightful piece here was the actual reasoning behind defer statements and their order of execution. It was also interesting to see how panic and recover are handled and how defer factors in. Amazingly, there are goto statements in Go, which I find bizarre. But I'm also not a developer (yet) and I'm sure there's a perfectly good reason. Or at least a moderately convoluted reason.

Module 8 was all about functions and packages. This actually cleared things up for me a lot when it comes to Go code I've read in the past. Now I get why you'd pass a pointer vs a value for a parameter. And I understand how packages work, kinda.

As a side note, understanding Go conventions and structures has given me insight into how Terraform itself is structured and the verbiage used. For instance, modules Terraform remind me of how Go handles things. And now I get why Terraform "panics" when things go wrong. And the use of variadics for some functions (`max`, I'm looking at you) also starts to make sense.

I'm assuming the `max` function as defined in Terraform has the form `func max(numbers ...float64) float64` so if I have a list data type, I need to convert that into separate arguments. They could have chosen to implement max like this `func max(numbers []float64) float64` and forced the input type to be an array. Maybe that would have been better in retrospect, but here we are.

Anyhow, many mysteries solved and I'm really enjoying things now!
