# Day 6 - May 30, 2024

Started Go early today so I can fit in a workout before a podcast recording. I'm busy!

## Actual Stuff

Todays module was all about handling errors. I was vaguely aware of how Go handled errors prior to this course. When I was messing around with other Go code, I noticed that many functions returned an error along with other values, which was actually pretty convenient. It forces you to store that error value and check its contents.

When I was going through the demo, I also realized that you shouldn't name your Go module errors. It kind of interferes with Go grabbing the errors module from the standard library. Whoops!

The module also showed how to deal with panics. Those seem far less common, especially if you think through all the ways your functions can fails. But you know the saying, build an idiot proof box and I'll find you a more creative idiot. Not that people are idiots per se, but they certainly find creative ways to break things.

As I'm nearing the end of the Pluralsight courses (only two modules left!) I've started to consider what I should dig into next. I think the only way to really bake all the Go into my noodle is by writing a bunch of useful Go. To that end, I'm going to try "Learn Go with Pocket Sized Projects" from Manning. It doesn't hurt that as a Manning author I'm pretty sure I have access to get that book for free.

Nope, I just checked. Looks like my access to the Manning library was for a limited time. But I don't mind spending a little money for a good product.
